AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                   27 October 2020




                            Merchant Guidelines US
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                               2




Welcome
                                                                                          We are setting out to make an impact at an epic scale.

                                                                                          We are the catalyst, inspiration and energy for a fairer system.

                                                                                          Together we will build a global economic system that is more
                                                                                          accessible, sustainable and equitable, a system where
                                                                                          everyone wins.

                                                                                          We want to enable you, our partner, to connect with consumers
                                                                                          in a creative, purposeful way, inviting loyalty and trust like never
                                                                                          before. Our journey together will see you trade better, deliver
                                                                                          responsible consumer engagements, evolve with unique insights
                                                                                          and experience sustained incremental growth.

                                                                                          We are committed to seeing you succeed not just today or
                                                                                          tomorrow, but also in the future.

                                                                                          So let’s get going, we’ve got this!




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        3




Our Vision



Fairness and
financial freedom
for all
Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        4




Our Mission



To power an
economy in which
everyone wins
Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                             5




Our Brand                                                               The credit industry remains fundamentally broken, seeing a world
                                                                        full of suckers. It’s an industry that needs you to lose for them to
                                                                        win, and it can only survive by pushing the next generation into the
                                                                        same cycles of debt.


                                                                        We see the world differently.


                                                                        We trust in the next generation and share a vision of a more
                                                                        accessible and sustainable world in which people are rewarded
                                                                        for doing the right thing. So we started a movement in which
                                                                        everyone can win—shoppers, retailers and society—by putting
                                                                        optimism before opportunity and people before profit.

                                                                        With no credit checks, no interest and no surprises, we empower
                                                                        the next generation to enjoy today with the confidence of
                                                                        knowing where their money is going rather than worrying
                                                                        about where it went.


                                                                        There was before, and now there’s Afterpay.


Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        6




Our Values




Keep it Real
 We are genuine and have no time for BS.
 We feel able and proud to bring our authentic self to work every day.
 We are clear and sincere in our words and back them up with action.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        7




Our Values




Be Brave
 We back intuition and celebrate curiosity. That’s how we innovate.
 We approach our work with courage, tenacity and a healthy dose of grit.
 We finish what we start and commit as one team.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        8




Our Values




Do the Right Thing
 We look for the win/win on behalf of every stakeholder.
 We hold ourselves accountable for our actions.
 We act with honesty, humility and transparency.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        9




Our Values




Shape the Future
 We are perpetually excited about the opportunities ahead of us.
 We make thoughtful decisions quickly and execute them with intensity and quality.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        10




Our Purpose


To give people
the freedom
to get what
they want with
no downside.


Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                            11




The                                                      We are your customer.
                                                         We are part of the eyes-wide-open-minded generation.
Customer                                                 A generation not defined by age, gender or color.
                                                         We’re single and married. We’re carefree, and we’ve got kids.
We Exist                                                 We come from different backgrounds and different places and share different worldviews.
to Serve                                                 But we all believe in our dreams and our future. It’s for us to create.
                                                         We are more educated than ever and have jobs, not careers.
                                                         We have student debt and make less money than we were made to believe.
                                                         We choose not to follow in our parents’ footsteps. We are learning and unlearning at a rapid rate.
                                                         We don’t owe anybody anything. We do our research and forge our own paths.
                                                         We get goosebumps with anticipation for what’s next.
                                                         We believe in equality, sustainability, accessibility and transparency.
                                                         We back ourselves, and we trust each other, but few others.
                                                         We want to be heard, and we’re good listeners.
                                                         We’ve gone paperless, not brandless.
                                                         We’re done with the fine print, but we’re into the detail.
                                                         We cultivate interests, and we make statements.
                                                         We wear new and many hats, and we wear them well. We know what we’re about.
                                                         We are discerning. We value experiences, and we love nice things.
                                                         The simple things, the unexpected things, the free things, the shiny things.
                                                         We want what we want, no strings attached.
                                                         We know when we buy, we are expressing someone’s values. So let them be ours.
                                                         Our decisions define our identity. So we choose Afterpay because it’s in our best interest.
                                                         A service in service of us. We know because we did the research.

Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES




                                     Our Brand
                                      Elements
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        13




The Meaning of our Logo

Afterpay’s identity is a persistent evolution of
our brand and its services.

Our logo represents the relationships between
Afterpay, Merchants and Customers.

The two arrows link together into one continuous
shape. This infinite Loop represents the way
the relationship among all parties is continually
strengthened each time they interact with
one another.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                      14




Afterpay Brand Elements
Our Logo Lock-up
Our Master Logo                                                                           Alternative combinations below are allowed. Select the logo that has the most contrast to the background for optimal
                                                                                          legibility. If the background of your website is light, use the Black logo. If your website is dark, use the logo in White.
                                                                                          The Afterpay Bondi Mint lock-up is only ever used on a Black background.

The Afterpay logo lock-up’s primary usage is Black on Afterpay Bondi Mint background




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                      15




Afterpay Brand Elements
Our Badge
Our Badge

                                                                                          Alternative versions below are allowed. Use version that will be most legible on your site.
Black on Afterpay Bondi Mint                                                              If your site has a light background, use the Black Badge options.
Use this version - This is Afterpay’s primary usage for our badge                         If your website is dark, use the White Badge.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                                                          16




Afterpay Brand Elements
Our Loop Icon
                                                                                                                                        Clearspace

                                                                                                                                        Use Afterpay Badge as your primary option. When using the Afterpay logo lock-up, use specified
App Icon - Use this version                                             Sticker - Use this version                                      clearspace to ensure the integrity and impact of the Afterpay logo. It is important to leave space to
                                                                                                                                        breathe. An exception to this is when sitting alongside text and price breakdown.




                                                                                                                             x-height                                                                                                           Height of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Logo




                                                                                                                                        Minimum Size

Alternative versions may be used. Same rules apply                      Alternative versions may be used. Same rules apply              For both digital and print, use the minimum sizes indicated below for small-scale applications of the
from the previous page on the Logo.                                     from the previous page on the Logo.                             Afterpay Logo, Badge, Sticker and App Icon.




                                                                                                                                                64 px / 32mm             64 px / 32mm              32 px / 14mm           32 px / 14mm




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                  17




Afterpay
Brand Collaboration                                                                       Wordmark Horizontal Lock-Up   Wordmark Vertical Lock-Up




Both our brand and the partners
we work with need to be respected.
Both brands and their respective
logos are essential. Use these
guidelines to maintain consistency
and brand integrity when laying
them out.

X
                                                                                          Badge Horizontal Lock-Up      Badge Vertical Lock-Up

Use an “X” to symbolize the relationship between Afterpay and the
partner brand. The Afterpay Logo appears first in sequence with the
partner logo. Use the spacing indicated below to create the lock-up.

The “X” is equal to the height of the Afterpay Logo.
The stroke weight is 1px.
The cap ends of the stroke are rounded.
The lines in the “X” are rotated at 45˚.


Logo or Badge
Make the best judgment when creating a visually balanced lock-up.
For simple wordmark combinations, use the Afterpay Logo.
For partner logos with complex shapes, use the Afterpay Badge.



Clearspace
The clearspace around lock-ups uses the size of the “X”




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        18




Afterpay
Brand Collaboration

Use visual balancing to ensure all
logos have the same weight.

Scale paired wordmarks to have
similar letter size and weight.
Even when logos have different sizes
and shapes, care should be used to
maintain visual balance.

As a rule, always ensure the use
of RGB versions of all logos. Where
this is problematic for reasons of
contrast and legibility the use of Black
and White versions is acceptable.
Make sure to use all RGB or all Black
and White versions when placing
logos together.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                        19




Afterpay Brand Elements
Color Palette
Primary Palette

Our primary palette is the core of our brand identity.
The palette consists of Afterpay Bondi Mint, White
and Black.
                                                                                                                        White
For all digital applications, use only the screen
formulation indicated here. For print, please contact us                                                                RGB 255 255 255
                                                                                                                        HEX #FFFFFF
for the print formulation. We will provide the Pantone®
swatch to calibrate for reproduction.

                                                                                          Afterpay Bondi Mint
                                                                                          Pantone Afterpay Bondi Mint
                                                                                          RGB 178 252 228
                                                                                          HEX #b2fce4


                                                                                                                        Black
                                                                                                                        RGB 000
                                                                                                                        HEX #000000




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                  20




Afterpay Brand Elements
Typography

Italian Plate No2 Expanded
                                                                                          Italian Plate No2 Expanded Regular     Styles & Weights




                                                             Aa
Our primary typeface is
Italian Plate No2 Expanded.                                                               ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ             Regular
As a sans-serif, it is bold
and modern. Its geometry is                                                               abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz             Regular Italic
balanced, and its soft angles
express friendliness. It has
                                                                                          0123456789 {[(&)]}*,.:;¿¡?!/|\•¶@®©™   Demibold
character, but is not flashy,                                                             «»‹›“”‘’‚„”’… -–—_†‡¬+<=>≠≤≥±÷−×∞~≈°   Bold
trendy or awkward. It plays
well as a neutral support
                                                                                          $¢£¥€§#%‰
element for messaging and
                                                                                          Italian Plate No2 Expanded Bold
partner brands.




                                                             Aa
Use your brand’s typeface to                                                              ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
complement Afterpay’s assets.
                                                                                          abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Do not use all caps.                                                                      0123456789 {[(&)]}*,.:;¿¡?!/|\•¶@®©™
                                                                                          «»‹›“”‘’‚„”’… -–—_†‡¬+<=>≠≤≥±÷−×∞~≈°
                                                                                          $¢£¥€§#%‰

Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                                                         21




Afterpay Don’ts

Do not place the logo on a background           Do not use the Afterpay Bondi Mint version of the logo on any image or   Do not use the wordmark without the Loop   Do not rotate the logo                 Do not rearrange elements of the logo
that will render it illegible                   background color other than solid Black




                                                                                                                         Do not outline the logo                    Do not add a drop shadow to the logo   Do not colour the logo or place images
                                                                                                                                                                                                           inside of the logo




Do not use the sticker on images                Do not use the Afterpay logo in a box, instead use the Badge.




                                                                                                                         Do not add a gradient fill to the logo     Do not distort the logo                Do not use colours not specified for the logo




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES




                                     Best Practices
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                     23




What is Afterpay

Overview                                                                                            How to talk about us                                    How not to talk about us

Afterpay allows you to shop for                                                                     We are customer centric
                                                                                                    Afterpay is a unique service which was founded to
                                                                                                                                                            Do not associate the Afterpay brand with
                                                                                                                                                            Gambling
                                                                                                    champion the customer’s best interests when it comes    Criminal activity
the things you love and pay over time.                                                              to making retail purchases.                             Overtly sexual material
                                                                                                                                                            Paylending

Split your purchase across                                                                          We are a budgeting tool
                                                                                                    Splitting payments into 4 installments.
                                                                                                                                                            Overspending
                                                                                                                                                            Unmanageable debt
                                                                                                                                                            Banking Under 18yo
4 installments, due every two weeks.                                                                You pay nothing extra when you pay on time, according
                                                                                                    to your payment schedule.
                                                                                                                                                            Illegal drugs



All payments are interest-free and                                                                  It is easy to view orders and payment schedules on
                                                                                                    afterpay.com to manage all budgets.                     Using our name
there are no additional costs,*                                                                     Manage your payments through the app or on
                                                                                                    afterpay.com.                                           When using the company name it should be referred to as

as long as you pay on time.                                                                         New way to shop
                                                                                                                                                            ‘Afterpay’ only. Do not use any other form, or capitalization,
                                                                                                                                                            for example ‘AfterPay’, ‘AFTERPAY’ or ‘afterpay’. Do not
                                                                                                    Afterpay is a lifestyle product that makes shopping     use all caps in body text—unless the rest of the sentence
                                                                                                    more convenient. Enabling you to get the things you     is also in all caps. Do not use the full legal name unless
So buying a $200 item will see you                                                                  want when you want them, while managing payments
                                                                                                    over time.
                                                                                                                                                            required to by law.


pay 4 x $50 every 2 weeks following                                                                 We encourage responsible spending                         Shop now with AFTERPAY
                                                                                                    We send payment reminders—communicating via SMS
your initial purchase payment. All the                                                              and email prior to payments becoming due. Afterpay
                                                                                                    helps customers pay on time.
                                                                                                                                                              SHOP NOW WITH AFTERPAY
                                                                                                                                                              It’s Easy With AfterPay!
while the item is at home with you!                                                                 Afterpay benefits from customers paying off their
                                                                                                    orders in full and on time.
                                                                                                                                                              Shop now with Afterpay √
*You must be over 18, a resident of the U.S. and meet additional eligibility criteria to qualify.   Afterpay applies personal order and account limits—
Late fees may apply. See afterpay.com for complete terms. Loans to California residents             they start low and increase as repayment history with     It’s easy with Afterpay! √
made or arranged pursuant to a California Finance Lenders Law license.                              Afterpay is positive.



Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                 24




Marketing Messaging

Primary Messaging




Shop now.                                                                                                Shop now. Pay later.

                                                                                                         Buy now. Pay later.

Pay later.                                                                                               Make it yours. Pay a bit now,
                                                                                                         the rest later. Always interest-free*.

Always                                                                                                   Shop now. Pay it in 4.
                                                                                                         Always interest-free.

interest-free.                                                                                           Afterpay it in 4. Always interest-free.


*You must be over 18, a resident of the U.S. and meet additional eligibility criteria to qualify. Late
fees may apply. See afterpay.com for complete terms. Loans to California residents made or
Confidential - Do not duplicate
arranged pursuant               or distribute
                       to a California        without
                                         Finance      written Law
                                                   Lenders    permission from Afterpay.
                                                                  license.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                              25




Marketing Messaging

Education                                                                                                Price Breakdown                                      Social Tags

                                                                                                         or 4 payments of $XX.XX with [Afterpay Badge] Info   afterpay.com/us
4 payments. Every two weeks. Receive your order
right away.                                                                                                                                                   @afterpayusa
                                                                                                         Introducing
Pay for your order in four payments every 2 weeks.                                                                                                            #afterpayit
Your order will be shipped now. No interest, no additional fees,
when you pay on time*.                                                                                   Afterpay available here

Select Afterpay at checkout as your payment method.                                                      Introducing Afterpay

Complete your checkout in seconds. Instant approval decision.                                            Now available online

Pay over 4 payments, every two weeks. Enjoy your purchase now.


*You must be over 18, a resident of the U.S. and meet additional eligibility criteria to qualify. Late
fees may apply. See afterpay.com for complete terms. Loans to California residents made or
arranged pursuant to a California Finance Lenders Law license.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                    26




Afterpay on                                                                               Top Strip


Your Website                                                                                            Shop now. Pay later. Always interest-free.



                                                                                                       Shop now. Pay it in 4. Always interest-free.



                                                                                                        Shop now. Pay later. Always interest-free.
Some easy ways to show that you offer Afterpay.
It’s important to employ simple and clean solutions,
as these strips and banners will sit within branded
                                                                                           Banners
web pages and need to coexist in various designs.
1.Keep strips and banners simple with clear and short messages.

2. Background colors can be chosen from the provided palette.

3. Keep logo and typography in mono version (Black or White) accordingly to
    achieve contrast with the background.

4. Try to maintain some clearspace around the logo, while keeping it as large
    and legible as possible in the space.

5. When typography and logo sit on top of a photo, choose a photo that has
    negative space in order to allow good legibility.

6. Where practical given available space with your Afterpay promotions that
    include copy about Afterpay terms, a disclaimer must be shown as close
    as possible to the copy. If space is not available due to size limitations and
    the promo links to a landing page, the landing page must have the following
    disclaimer:                                                                            Payment Method
  *You must be over 18, a resident of the U.S. and meet additional eligibility
  criteria to qualify. Late fees may apply. See afterpay.com for complete
  terms. Loans to California residents made or arranged pursuant to a
  California Finance Lenders Law license.

  An abbreviated version of this disclaimer may be acceptable given size
  limitations of the advertisement.


Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                              27




Arrival Page: Top Strip


                             Shop now. Pay later. Always interest-free.
                                                                                          now available. Shop now. Pay later.




                                              now available. Shop now. Pay later.




                             Shop now. Pay it in 4. Always interest-free.




                               Afterpay it in 4. Always interest-free.




                             Shop now. Pay later. Always interest-free.




                                              now available. Shop now. Pay later.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                              28




Arrival Page: Banners

Small Digital Banner 480x253px


                                                                                          now available. Shop now. Pay later.




Leaderboard Digital Banner 745x90px




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        29




Explaining How Afterpay Works




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                                                             30


                                                                        What is Afterpay?                                           What if I can’t pay an Afterpay installment?                     If you believe there is fault or concern with your Afterpay

Frequently                                                              Afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases
                                                                        now and pay for them in 4 payments made every 2 weeks
                                                                                                                                    If funds are not available or you otherwise do not make
                                                                                                                                    your payment when it is due, late fees may apply. Click
                                                                                                                                                                                                     purchase payment, please contact Afterpay customer
                                                                                                                                                                                                     support at info@afterpay.com.

Asked                                                                   without any interest.                                       here for complete terms.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Where can I find out more about Afterpay?
                                                                        How do I use Afterpay?                                      Where can I find common questions about payments?                If you would like to know more about Afterpay,
Questions                                                               Simply shop online or in-store (where available) and add
                                                                        items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. At
                                                                                                                                    Check out the Afterpay Payments FAQ.                             visit the Afterpay website www.afterpay.com for
                                                                                                                                                                                                     a comprehensive list of FAQs, terms as well as

by Customers                                                            the checkout choose Afterpay as your payment method.
                                                                        First-time customers will need to register with Afterpay
                                                                                                                                    When will my items be delivered if I use Afterpay?
                                                                                                                                    Afterpay orders are delivered as per our standard
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Afterpay’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
                                                                                                                                                                                                     www.afterpay.com/privacy-policy.
                                                                        and provide payment details, as usual, returning            shipping time frame after you complete your
                                                                        customers simply log in to make their purchase.             order online.                                                    If you have any questions about your Afterpay account,
                                                                        It’s that easy!                                                                                                              please contact Afterpay directly via a web form
                                                                                                                                    Visit the retailer’s shipping page for more information.         found here.
                                                                        Please note that all items in your shopping bag must
                                                                        be eligible for Afterpay. A minimum purchase amount         Is there a limit to how much I can spend on a single
                                                                        may apply and you must meet additional eligibility          transaction?
                                                                        requirements to qualify.                                    Yes, transaction value limits apply to purchases made on
                                                                                                                                    the retailer website using Afterpay.
                                                                        Where can I use Afterpay?
                                                                        Afterpay can only be applied to purchases made on the       What products are not eligible for purchase using
                                                                        retailer website or in-store (where available).             Afterpay?
                                                                                                                                    Afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. If you
                                                                        How does the payment schedule work?                         are purchasing gift cards along with Afterpay eligible
                                                                        All customers are required to make their first payment at   products, you will need to place two separate orders.
                                                                        the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments
                                                                        deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment           How do I return or exchange an item purchased
                                                                        method. If you choose to make additional payments            using Afterpay?
                                                                        before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through      If you have changed your mind, you can return your
                                                                        your Afterpay account.                                      Afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. Please
                                                                                                                                    check that your return or exchange meets our Return
                                                                        You can log in to your Afterpay account to view your        policy here. Afterpay will be notified of your return and will
                                                                        payment schedule and make a payment before                  process the appropriate refunds. Please do not return
                                                                        the due date if you choose to do so.                        your purchase to Afterpay.




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        31




Lightbox




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        32




Lightbox




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                      33




Afterpay on PDP

Listing Page                                                                                                                                       Product Page



     Merchant Website


                                                                                                                                                                  PU Biker Jacket
                                                                                                                                                                  $79.95
                                                                                                                                                                  or 4 payments of $19.99 with   Info


                                                                        MEN'S TOPS

                                                                            300 styles found




         DESIGN oversized 90s style cotton shirt      DESIGN sweatshirt hoodie in yellow              DESIGN denim shirt in slim fit navy
         $160.00                                      $160.00                                         $160.00
         or 4 payments of $40.00 with 		       Info   or 4 payments of $40.00 with 		          Info   or 4 payments of $40.00 with          Info




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                          34




Afterpay in Cart

Listing Page




                                 Your Delivery

                                 We’re delivering orders to you as fast as we can! Enter your address below to find out your speediest
                                 option right now.




                                                                                                                              4 equal payments of $124.75

                                                           Jane Ellis                                                         With Afterpay you can receive your order now and pay in
                                                                                                                              4 equal fortnightly payments. Available to customers in the
                                                                                                                              United States with a debit or credit card.

                                                                                                                              When you click “Checkout with Afterpay” you will be
                                                           123 Main Street New York, NY
                                                                                                                              redirected to Afterpay to complete your order.



                                                           999 999 9999




                                                                                                                                         Checkout with




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   35




Afterpay at Checkout
                                                                     PU Biker Jacket
Checkout Simple                                                      $79.95                                                      Checkout Graphical
                                                                     or 4 payments of $19.99 with     Info




     Merchant Website                                                                                        Continue Shopping     Merchant Website                                                                                                    Continue Shopping




             Secure Checkout                                                                                                          Ship or Pick Up > Payment > Review


                                                                                                                                      Payment Method                                                                                             Order Summary
             Shipping Address                           Order Summary
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Subtotal                  $160.00
                      Jane Citizen                                   Items (1)                      $160
                      123 Main Street                                Shipping                         $0                                                                                                                                         Shipping                   $0.00
                      New York, NY 10001
                                                                     Order total                    $160                                                                                                                                         Tax                        $0.00

             Payment Method
                                                                                                                                                                                Instant approval decision - 4 interest-free payments of $40.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total                     $160.00
                                                                                                                                          You will be redirected to Afterpay website to fill out your payment information. You will be
                                                                                                                                          redirected to our site to complete your order. Please note: Afterpay can only be used as a

                      Credit Card
                                                                                                                                                payment method for orders with a shipping and billing address within the US.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Proceed to Afterpay

                      or 4 payments of $19.99 with            Info


                                                                                                                                                         $40.00            $40.00               $40.00              $40.00
                                                                                                                                                    First installment   2 weeks later        4 weeks later       6 weeks later


                                                                                                                                                                             Terms & Conditions


                 Proceed to Afterpay




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        36




Social Examples:
Introduce




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        37




Social Examples:
Upsell / Promo




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        38




Social Examples:
Educate




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
AFTERPAY MERCHANT BRAND GUIDELINES                                                        39




Promoting
Afterpay in
Email




Confidential - Do not duplicate or distribute without written permission from Afterpay.
Thank You
